# Triage Resolution Optimizer Snap-in

## Overview
The Triage Resolution Optimizer is a powerful Snapin designed to streamline issue management within the triage stage of your workflow. This tool automates reminders and priority adjustments to ensure timely resolution of issues and enhance overall efficiency.

## Features
1. **Reminder Automation**: Automatically sends reminders to the assigned owner if an issue remains in the triage state for more than 2 days.

2. **Priority Escalation**: Escalates the priority level of issues in the triage state for more than 3 days and notifies the owner for immediate attention.

3. **Efficiency Improvement**: Promotes accountability, reduces response times, and ensures a proactive approach to issue resolution.


## Getting Started 

### Testing locally
You can test your code by adding test events under `src/fixtures` similar to the example event provided. You can add keyring values to the event payload to test API calls as well.

Once you have added the event, you can test your code by running:
```
npm install
npm run start:watch -- --functionName=function_1 --fixturePath=function_1_event.json
```

### Adding external dependencies
You can also add dependencies on external packages in package.json under the "dependencies" key. These dependencies will be made available to your function at runtime and testing.

### Packaging the code
Once you are done with the testing,
Run
```
npm run build
npm run package
```
and ensure it succeeds.

You will see a `build.tar.gz` file is created and you can provide it while creating the snap_in_version.

## Snap-in Installation Steps
Follow these steps to install the Triage Resolution Optimizer Snap-in:

1. Log in to DevRev for authentication. To authenticate, run the following command:

```
devrev profiles authenticate -o <dev-org-slug> -u youremail@yourdomain.com

```

2. Create a snap-in package by running the following command:

```
devrev snap_in_package create-one --slug <name for snap-in> | jq .
```

3. Create a snap-in version with the created package using:

```
devrev snap_in_version create-one --path ./devrev-snaps-typescript-template | jq .

```

4. Install the snap-in in draft state by running:

```devrev snap_in draft
```
5. Configure the snap-in using the URL generated by the draft command or by navigating to the snap-ins page in the DevRev app.

6. Deploy the snap-in by clicking the Deploy snap-in button in the UI. The snap-in should now be active and ready to use.

7. To delete the snap-in, you can use the following command or delete it from the UI:

```
devrev snap_in delete-one [snap-in id]

```

8. If you need to upgrade the snap-in, use the following command:

```
devrev snap_in_version upgrade --path ./
```

## Usage

Once the Triage Resolution Optimizer Snap-in is installed and configured, it operates seamlessly in the background, automating reminders and priority adjustments based on predefined rules. Here's how you can leverage its functionality within your workflow:

1. **Monitoring Issue Resolution:** After installation, the Snap-in starts monitoring issues in the triage state. It automatically sends reminders to the assigned owner if an issue remains unresolved for more than 2 days.
   
2. **Priority Escalation:** Additionally, if an issue persists in the triage state for more than 3 days, the Snap-in escalates its priority level and notifies the owner for immediate attention. This proactive approach ensures critical issues are addressed promptly.

3. **Efficiency Monitoring:** Monitor the improved resolution times and efficiency gains within your workflow. The Snap-in's automation helps in promoting accountability, reducing response times, and ensuring a proactive approach to issue resolution.

Feel free to customize the Snap-in's behavior and rules based on your specific workflow requirements. The Snap-in's efficiency improvement features make it a valuable asset in optimizing your issue management processes.
